#summary Version history of Sgvizler.

== Version 0.5.1 ==

 Released: 25. May 2012.

 * New graph chart: {{{rdGraph}}} using the Dracula !JavaScript visualization library, and {{{sTable}}}.
 * Major unlinting of code; using JSLint and JSHint.
 * Issues fixed: issue 10

== Version 0.5.0 ==

 * Support for JSONP. This makes Sgvizler compatible with all reasonably new browsers, however, the SPARQL endpoint must return query results as JSONP, but many do.
 * New graph chart: {{{dForceGraph}}} using the D3 !JavaScript visualization library.
 * New Google charts added: Bubble Chart, Stepped Area Chart, new Geo Chart
 * Refactoring of code.
 * Breaking version due to renaming of public variables.
 * Issues fixed: issue 2, issue 8, issue 23, issue 28, issue 30, issue 31, issue 25

== Version 0.4.0 ==

 * Breaking version due to renaming of public variables. html attributes are best lower-case.
 * Test on major browsers, more information on wiki pages.
 * Better loading of "child" scripts and stylesheets.

== Version 0.3.5 ==

 * Fixing bug in parser: non empty gcells when some scells are missing.
 * Fixing bug: order of attributes in div should not matter.

== Version 0.3.4 ==

 * Fixing issue 22: error in XML parser broke IE support.
 * Fixing issue 20: adding support for Opera by removing lint.

== Version 0.3.3 ==

 * Accepts RDF files as data source.
 * Added two more charts: Sparkline and Gauge.
 * Sends proper headers.
 * Bugfix: issue 3 smarter datatype computation.
 * Bugfix: issue 17 with Map+ chart.
 * Lots of live examples.
 * Download of CORS enabled Joseki available.

== Version 0.3.2 ==

 * Bugfix: issue 4.
 * Moving project to googlecode.

== Version 0.3.1 ==

 * Bugfix. Did not handle queries with OPTIONALs.
 * Improved formatting of Map+ charts.

== Version 0.3.0 ==

 * "More" support for endpoint on different origin. Works now with IE 8?
 * Support for user-defined chart functions.
 * Added two user functions: Map+ and List.
 * _Update_: two more functions: Definition List and Text.
 * Restructured code, so many function names and settings have changed.

== Version 0.2.2 ==

 * Support for SPARQL results in XML format added.
 * Fixing bug when drawing !GeoMap and Map.

== Version 0.2.1 ==

 * Fixing bug in JSON parser.
 * Namespaces are replaced with their prefix when data is displayed.

== Version 0.2.0 ==

 * Introducing the possibility of using {{{<div>}}}.
 * Adding table type "chart", which makes sense to use with the {{{<div>}}}-way.
 * Replacing use of the prototype javascript framework with jQuery.
 * Using slightly more involved element ids to not step on toes.

== Version 0.1.0 ==

First release. Draws all of Google's major chart types. Supports only JSON.
